---
layout: post
tags: [ Labrids]
categories: evolution
title:  Bodega Workshop Presentations

---






Final day of Bodega Phylogenetics workshop: a full day of student
presentations. (High resolution images for the trees available by
clicking on them)

Principle figures from my investigation of the Labrid data. While
morphospace doesn't present an obvious clustering, it can be effectively
divided by my maximum likelihood partitioning scheme on fin angle. A
smoothed density plot of fin angle alone reveals two identifiable modes
in the traitspace.

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAeAAAAHgCAIAAADytinCAAAgAElEQVR4nOzdZ2BTVRsH8Odm7ybppFCWFBCklAIyZO/9grKXyJKpuFBAlkwRBJGlskEsKBsZIlMLInvvTUfSjGbve94PKQVLCx1Jbto+v0+5yb33/PO++OT23HPPoQghgBBCKPiwmA6AEEIoZ1igEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCFBZohBAKUligEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCFBZohBAKUligEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCFBZohBAKUligEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCFBZohBAKUligEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSHKYD5I9Opzt06BDTKRBCKBOLxeratSubzfbHyYtYgd6/f//y5csHDBjAdBCEEAIAmDt3bt26dcuWLeuPkxexAg0Affv2HT58ONMpEEIIAODChQv+OzkzfdAOh8PpdDLSNEIIFRWBK9CDBg2y2+2pqalt2rQRCoUikahbt24ajSZgARBCqGgJXIFet26d2+0eOXJk+fLl1Wq1VquNjY3FzgqEEMpNoPugk5KS7t27J5VKAWDWrFlhYWEBDoAQQkVFQPugDQZDpUqV0tLSvJsajUYsFgcyAEIIFSGBK9ANGzaMi4u7cuXK6NGjAeD06dNNmjQZO3ZswAIghFDRErgujqSkJEKISqXKuoJesGBB586dAxYAIYSKloD2QVMUFRUVFRUVBQB169Y1Go2nTp2qX79+IDOUOE4nvXWr5exZca1arB49gMdjOhBCKK+YfFDl3LlzzZs3J4Tk+Om///575MiRbG8mJSXFxMT4P1pxoVYbatYMSUuTAFAAhk8+CblwAaKimI6FEMoTJgt0s2bNcqvOABATE1O7du1sb544cUKlUvk5V/GhHTlSqtHQhw+zmjaljx0TtG2rGTYsbPdupnMhhPKEsQJ94sSJhg0bvmSHUqVKlSpVKtubO3bs0Gq1/sxVrLCOHdM1bRrVvDkAsJo3p8TisD17mA6FEMorxqYbbdOmDVNNlxweHg8slqxNt0DAYBiEUH4FrkALBALqORaLxfsiYAFKIO7bb0eeOmWZMQMuXbLOmSNQqTLw0U2Eio7AFegTJ07ExcX9+uuvNpvNZrOJRCLvi4AFKIFC5s/XNmkinjIFatYUTZyoe+st+cKFTIdCCOVV4PqgExISjhw5MmDAgAsXLkyfPp2iKAH+xe1vAkHY0aNw4wbcuAFVq4ZVrcp0IFQ8JSfD8eMgFEKrViCRMJ2mGAloH7RSqdy1axebzW7fvn0g2y3pqlaFrl0BqzPyjxkzTGXLuvv2hW7dICLC8scfHqYTFR+BHsXBZrOnT5++f//+OnXqBLhphJDPXbwIU6eKW7UyfP+9wmCAHj0cb79NNBoJ/nnsE8wMs2vXrl27du0YaRoh5EPbtpkBxL/9ppDJAACWLVN26gQ7dkDv3kwnKxZwVW+EUMG5XASAZK2Y6h2W9dzYTlQoWKARQgXXrZuUEGroUKNGA3fuwKef6gQCa58+TMcqLrBAI4QKrm5dGDfOuHmzNDwcYmPh9m3R+vVckYjpWMVF0VvVGyEUVBYuDHn/fThwwCWRsLt0EYSHMx2oGMECjRAqrKpVoWpVLtMpiiHs4kAIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCFBZohBAKUligEUIoSGGBRgihIIUFGiGEghQWaIQQClJYoBFCKEhhgUYIoSCFBRohhIIUFmiEEApSWKARQihIYYFGCKEghQUaIYSCVIkp0Dab/sMPtVFRGUql+p13IC2N6UAIIfQKJWVNQn2HDiHHjqU3bOgWi0N27TKcPBly9y4IhUznQgihXJWMK+i7dxVHjzq/+iry778jDxzg798fkprqSUxkOhZCCL1MySjQ164BgKBdO+8W1bw5AFBjxjAZCSGEXqVkFOgqVQDAcfCgd4scPw4AsHAhg4kQQuiVSkYfdOXK+saNZZMmqfbvZ8nl0n37HJGRIf36MR0LIYRepmRcQQMo9u0zjBrFu3aNf+yYsV27kPPnQSxmOhRCCL1MybiCBgCxWLlkCSxZAgAyprMghFBelJQraIQQKnKwQCOEUJDCAo0QQkEqcAVao9GMHDmyfPnyHA6Hw+FUqFBhzJgxOp0uYAEQQqhoCVyB7tWrF03TW7duTU1NTUlJ2bZtG5fL7dmzZ8ACIIRQ0RK4URynTp06ePAgi5X5kxAREREfH1+mTJmABUAIoaIlcFfQtWrVmjhx4v37910ul8vlevDgwVdffVWxYsWABUAIoaIlcAU6MTHxwYMH8fHxPB6Px+PVqlXr9u3bmzdvDlgAhIqB1FQYP97YoYP6q6/MGRlMp0F+FrgujtKlSycmJhJCLBYLRVEikYiiqIC1jlAxcOkSvPmm3eUSyWSwf7/w22/N165JoqOZjoX8JtDD7CiKkkgkYrGYoiij0fjPP/8EOABCRdegQWqBwPnwIUevl128yLZa2WPGaJgOhfyIyUe9z50717x5c0JIjp8ePnz4xQ6QpKSkmJgY/0dDKBhdvRrSs6fJe2e9Rg1wuYTbt+OiE8UZkwW6WbNmuVVnAKhbt2758uWzvTlt2jS73e7fWAgFK7HY+uSJJ2uTz3c7HCVmOp0SibH/d0+cONGwYcOX7CCVSqVSabY3ZTKZy+XyZy6EglffvqylSyM++MDQqlXIpk16h0OxcKEVQMR0LuQvjBXoNm3amM1mplpHqCj69tuQJ080S5Yovv8e2GzxiBH6Dz9UMB0K+VHgCrRAIHA4HM+/4x3F8ZJeDlRY//5r3b2bI5fzeveG0qWZToMKi8eDHTvC9Hq4fx9iY3lSKY/pRMi/AjeK48SJE3Fxcb/++qvNZrPZbCKRyPsiYAFKGn3//lCvnnDmTN6nnzrLlXP+/DPTiZBvKBSQkAAv9P+hYihwBTohIeHIkSNr1qyZOXMml8ulKEogEAgEgoAFKFHI0aOKn382jxxJGY2wfr0rNJS89x4YjUznQgjlQ0DHQSuVyl27drHZ7Pbt2wey3RLIsH27m8WSTJ2qj4uDgQPFajXf5bKWLw8aHDaLUJER6JuEbDZ7+vTp+/fvr1OnToCbLlHYYjGLEP2oUZLHjz07drANBnj3XZ7RqB0+PHTbNqbTIYTyhJlRHO3atWvXrh0jTZcQ0t696blzRbt3G2vVUgoE+qFD2Uolj6JCt29nOtpT169DUhKEhkKbNriAL0I5whVViqm4OOs333BdrtAzZ6h27Si3W/r774TNZjpWJt2gQaR6dRg2DN5+2xQVRfCJf4RyggW62JJ88olp0CBCUc6xY+UnTjgvXOClp+vffZfpXODeuVO5bp3pvffg8WM4dcotEBj+9z+mQwXU48fwyy+wdy/gICb0cligi7OQpUt1tWvzvv8eqlXjjxyZERenWLKE6VCgS0y0CASylSuhTBl4803ZZ5/J1Wo4e5bpXAEyYYKhfHl3377QsSNERhqTkmimE6HghQW6WBOJQk+fhrNnYcMGOH069MIFkEiYzgRUjpsl43mlf/6BuXNlHTuarl2Dv/4CodDTpYvZ43n1gahkwgJdAiQkQP/+EDTDZhS9eontdtP770NKCpw+bZg/PyMiAmrXZjpXIGzapGezPVu2KF5/HRo1gq+/lut0ssOHmY6FghUWaBRonK5ddQMHSn76CUqXhjff5NhsITt2QMlYvcHlIhT17GYtm00BgNXKZCQUzLBAIwYo162jrl6FFSvgt9+kaWlUgwZMJwqQHj0Ubjd3xAiTXg83bsCUKTqp1NyhA9OxULDCyWQRQ6pVg2rVmA4RaC1aUEOG6Fetkq9eDQDA4wm2beNxuUzHQsEKC3TwuX8fkpMhLg5kMqajIN9buVLx4Ydw8KBLLmd17SpSKpkOhIIYFuhgoland+gQfvYsADg5HOtHH8nnzWM6E/K9GjWgRg28bEavhn3QQUTTu7fswgXbN9/AgQPm9u3l33zj2rqV6VAIIcYU3wJtMsHly2AyMZ0jzxwOxbFj9hEjhJ9+Cq1aKb/5BgDI4MFMx0IIMaY4FmiPRzdkiFuhgLg4l1yuGzQIisSTAFYrm6b5MTHu48d1UVFQtSoA8IxGcu4c08kQQswohgXaPGuWcvVqU+/esH27pX9/5bp15mnTmA6VBwqFNjravnChq21bisXyfPghoSirQGBu2RKnbECoZCqGBdq6apU6Lk6xcSN07Spft85curRk5kymQ+WJYuNGsUYjtNuFGRns777LqFhRtH27NCMDsCcaoRKpGBZovtFIlyqVtSkqOmuIsJo3J5MmAYCtY0fX2rWKGzegbFkAIPgscG70etBqmQ6BkL8UwwLtrFNHeuwY3L0LAHDvno3NVjdtynSovOL9738AwCtXjjtwILBYpnnzCAA1eTLTuYIOuXFD9cYboFRCWJi6cmX6wgWmEyHke8WwQIevWEGxWJ7KlfVKpSc2lkVIxE8/MR0qzxISMrp3Fy9caJZKLRKJdN0644gRUKEC07GCjNNpatJEeP++Y+ZM59df81Qqa9OmYDYzHQshHyuOD6q89pro4UPTwoWus2etCQnSjz+GsDCmM+WD/NdfXTt22DZsoDgcwZAhIW3aMJ0oJ2YziETAYugH/vhxWXo62buXat8eAHiNG0PDhmT9emrUKGbyIOQfxbFAA0BYmHTWLCnTKQqM27VreNeuTKfImXP7dtPo0aGpqXYez9K3b+jSpSASBTgDnZLCAqAqV87crlIFANzr13NfLNA2GwiFgU2HkM8Uwy4O5Efnz7O7dycCgWPWLHOXLop16zKGDQt8CtabbwKA5fvvvZu2778HAO6iRc/v4/7jj/Ry5YhIZBcItO+9h3N6oqKomF5BI/9Qf/21hMcLu3gRpFI+gKF3b/mmTbB2LWRNyEbTgej3qFo1o0cP+Xff6X/+mbDZSpVK37q1on79Zztcv046dGBFRVknTbJevx66bp3eaFTgaEVU1OAVNMoHz/375tBQkGb2Hkm9nRu3bgEA3L+vatTIxec7+Hx1x46gVvs1iXzzZseGDc433nBVqWL74QfF/v3Pf6pduJCmqNCLF8UzZ4Zv3WoeNEixbRteRKMiB6+gUT6IGjYUL14Mly9DjRrgdusvXRIJBMLq1cFmM7z5psRstrz3Hm2zhSQm6hs1Uty44ceraYri9+8f2b9/jh86b9+2KBT80FDvplShAAA4fx7eestfeRDyA7yCRvkQMmmSXSJx1qqlrlYtIzw89OxZ1oIFAED27g3RaER798p//FG5YQNn1SrF7duQlMRUTslbb4VoNHD+PAAATetPn3az2fB8HwhCRQEWaJQfYWGSu3fNgwcDIY74eM+hQ/xRowDAeu0aAFBP16Vl16oFAPDjj0zFlH78sVUud9atq4qL00dGKv/6yzljBmQtBYhQEYFdHCifwsKUL1RecYMGAODevp0zcCAA2LZtEwLAhAmBT5dJqZTeuqWbOJE6etRRubJ7zRpRp06MhUGooLBAI19o3lxfvbps0CDVt99STmf49ev6Vq0UzC45mNMPCUJFC3ZxIF9gsxX//GP66CPKaASPx/TVV4rff2c6E0JFHl5BIx+RSOQLFsCCBUznQKj4wCtohHzGc+hQWp06uoiItPr16RMnmI6Dijws0Kg4c+/Zk1a7tq5UKVXr1nDtml/bovftY7VqxXv40FWzpuDWLWjUiBw/7tcWUbGHBRoVW64NGzidO/OSk12VKolOnnTWrOnXGp3+8cf6UqWUycmRBw/Knzwxh4Tohw/3X3OoJGCmQDscDqfTyUjTqOQwfvaZtkoVZXJy5F9/Se/fp1ks7dix/mtO8uiRu3Fj4PEAAEQiWUaG8uZN/zWHSoLAFehBgwbZ7fbU1NQ2bdoIhUKRSNStWzdN0VmPCr2E+/ff0xo1So+N1bz7LqSmPvvg+nVV587qSpXS2rZ9cXly+tSptFat1JUqqbt2hTt3fJ3JrVSrOR07Zj6fEh4ucDpD/bl4mDkqinX6dOYS8i6XWaGwKpX+aw6VBIEr0OvWrXO73SNHjixfvrxardZqtbGxscPxb8Ciz754MadTJ/7Nm7RIJNm0yVKlSuZMSRcuuGrUEB86RGQy8YkTpE4dcuRI1lH0vn1Ugwai06eJVCrev9/5+utw9aovY3E4GXK58++/MzetVg+bbYyN9WUT/6WYOjXs/n11tWq6IUPSq1QR6/W8Vat83sq5c6RDB1XVquru3dU+/1FDQYcECgCYTKawsDCj0eh9x+l0ymSyfJ1k9OjRvXv39kM6VHBmsTi9bl3i8RBCyLVrHorKGDWKEJLWuLFBKiXp6YQQYjbrIiI0lSplHaWqUEEbHU2sVkIIUanMIpG6SRPfBrPMmkUA0hIS9KNGpZcp46Eo+u+/fdtENrY1a9LLlHFyOOry5R2bN/v8/AcPeijKIxYbq1dP5fPNHI7j6lWfN4LyZ+TIkQ8fPvTTyQPaB20wGCpVqpSWlubd1Gg0YrE4kAGQ76Wmii0W+aBBmRPXvf46i5CQZcsAgHvtmrVu3cz1xsRimckU+twln+LxY9KxY+ZyJxERYqs13NdjHkQTJpi//pr36JFkxQqay6X37KH8PJudYNCgsMePuS5X+P37vJ49fX7+0aM1kZEGlUp65UrUo0diHs85alS6z1tBwSNwBbphw4ZxcXFXrlwZPXo0AJw+fbpJkyZj/XnTBgVCeLiTwzFl1VaDAQCMDRoAgLNUKe7Nm5l9sgDmiIjnjzMpFHRWr7Tb7eTz7d5JQX2IoiTjxyvS0zkeT8S9e5wOHXx8/oC7f1/evr3He1UTEQFWq+TYsXCmQyE/CtyThElJSYQQlUqVdQW9YMGCzp07BywA8gsOx9q3b8iGDekWi6hmTfv69SEslmz5cgAInTSJ26ePOiFB0q2b5cCB8IcP7d99J3h6nOCjj0QTJ6oaNZK2bGnZvj3c4XBv2cLg98jkdluXLjVt20aJxcqxYznt2zMd6D8UCtOFC8T72uMBodBJURQA9+VHoSLMT10neWEwGE6ePJmvQ7APOhjZbLpRoywCAQ2gjolx7duX9Yll2TK9UkkAMmQy05w5hKafHUXThilTjFIpAdCGhdl++omB5Nm43dpatQiANjLSIJMRAOMnnzCd6T9mzbIAkGbN1HPn2mvWVAOQzZudTIcq6fzaB00RQpj6bTh69Gjz5s1zC7Bv3741a9Zke/P8+fMVK1Y8cOCA/9Oh/LPbQSDI4f2XL63t/VSjMXz9tf3cOf4bb8i/+AJKlfJfzNzQO3awunVz/fgjd9gwoGlDjx6SHTvYajU8XZmFcYTAlCmmhQvBYpHK5RmzZ/NGjgz0kuoom1GjRn3xxRdly5b1x8mZLNAv53Q6LRZLtjfHjx9vMpkSExMZiYT85cEDa/XqPLvdGBYm1WppNpv/779Qs2aAU+hHj5b+8APH4cgcOr1nD3TuDPPmwWefBTjJK5lMWQtDIob5tUAH76PePB5P8QI+n09RFNPRkI+ljxkDHg/n5k2lSsV9+NAhFKreey/wMUQVK3I8HnjyxLtJe0dzN20a+CSvhNW5hAhcgd63b19UVFSZMmX27NlTvXp1DodTr169a36evwYVCazTpw316kGlSgAApUsLuNxI73KCgcXv08fO42nr13cvW2adOtU6apS+UiWoWzfwSRDyClyBHjdu3MqVKzdt2tS1a9dRo0alpKT069dv8ODBAQuAgpZLoeAkJ2dt2uVyZnJER3P27SMUxRk9WvjVV+Y33lD8+SfgX2yIOYEbZpeent6pUycAkMlk77//PofDGTt27JdffhmwAEXS48eWn35yPH4c0r49u3v3zIdBip2Q0aOFH3yg7do1tG9f/e+/K+7cMY0fz8gf8ZwWLcJSUiAtjRIIopj6nfA/sxlWr3acPWupVUs0dKhAImE6EMpF4Aq0TCa7dOmS91kVDocDABcvXlTibDK58/z+u+d//xPSNIfDYa9dq6tVS3nqFHCL4aBX4Zgx+jt3JMuXw86dUjZb9+67ylmzmAwUFcVk636WkgJvvGHU62U8Hlm/XjB1qunSJWm5ckzHQjkJ3BXZnDlzGjduvGvXrujoaAD46quvmjZtOmPGjIAFKHLMAwaYY2JYajXf6XStXKk4f96+YgXTofyDohTffcc3GODqVU5GhnLtWuA8u3QgBw+axoxxdOtmfO89z8aNUICJaq9etXz5pXnCBHhhRr0S6P33NRYL78wZ4nAILl4Eh4M9dCg+Lx6s/DS+OkcmkylrpqSzZ88+efIkv2coQQ+qPHxIAFw//PDsHQDC6INFDKBpbfPmBID2fncAAqAvXZrodHk/h2nWLA9FeSjKw2LRABljx/ovb5GgVOpatUrN2pRKnSXtn5VvFZ/JkiQSifTp+KCEhITSpUsHsvUiRiYDANfTx+K9l41W/4y1DFquTZuUR46YypWzCQTw55+6116ziUTi1FTduHF5PUVKinDyZGPLliyTiWWxmPr0kX3/vY/nNS1qRCK3TvfszmdICC6dEbyK502n4kAu19SqRWbNcq5YAUeOaNu3JwCC1auZjlUg6emeFSscs2fDmTP5Ok6/c6dFKOSoVJZu3aBlS8XIkUKrlUvTyvXr83qKpCQ2TcsXLQKxGAQC2aJFFIBr/Ph8f4VipF8/wblzER9+aDh+HD7/3PTkiejDD41Mh0I5C9xNQpRfYTt3prduHT5yJABIuFzTjBmyli2ZDpVvnr17Hd26iZxONgBMmqTr2VO5eXMej2XLZBy32yEQkIwMAPDQNAeAZrNZT2fIezXvAAWDIXMzIwMAWNWq5esrFDMzZkhv3tR8/33o4sVAUZL27XXz5gXLs+woG7yCDmIxMeE3bsD163DsGF+rlRXFIYlut7VPH3t0NNy6BWaz5cMPlVu2eHbvzuPRikGDeC4XSywO27/f3q+fY+pUi0zG8njM06fnNUDjxlahUNerFxw4AEeOaLt0cXK57E8+KeDXKRa4XNi+PSw5mTp6FJ48ofbuDfUuo4iCEBbooFe1KjRpUlSf7b1xQ2o0Kr75BmJjQSwWL1wIAPS77+bxaFajRqavvuKlp7MIEWzaJLbZRCaTpmtXyaRJeQ0gkfB27mQbjdCuHbRowX/0iPz8c/EeRZdHpUpB06YQHc10DvRS2MWB/InHAwBitWbek3K5AMAVEZH3sdyyyZNh9Gg4fRosFuDxqJo1w2Ji8hWB07p1iFoN//4Lbrekfv2XzauHUJDBAo38qVKljMhIGDcuJCqKKlVKP2mSHEDw44/5O4lSCW3bFioGnw+NGxfqDAgxAQs08icWK+T33w1t2lBt2wKAlMUyfvFFSJMmhT0tTUNSEjx8CLVqQfXqPsiJUFDCAo0KJzUVkpJAoYDGjSGnm01U7drytDQ4fhz0ek6jRiGF7/9NTdU1bKh88MC7pW3dOnTfvswZnBEqXvAmISo44+TJ7jJloEcPaNXKEBlJchvmzOVCy5bQvbtP7s5p+vYVJye7t2yB27ctU6eGHjxo+frrwp8WoSCEBRoVEDl5Ujpzprl9e7h0ifz5J2GxjB06AE0X/Ix37sCuXfDyKcJpWpKUZO7Xj9OjB1SqJJ42DQDEeR/UgVCRggUaFVDGpk1uNlu+dSvUqEG1bBkyd25IejqcOFGQczmdmnbtIDYW/vc/qF5d8+abYDbnvCchLEIoPr8wyREqKnIt0BqNpmfPnlKpVCKR9OzZU6vVBjIWCn603U6zWFnTn1Leuar1+gKcyjhtWuiBA6YvvoBz52wLFijOnNGPGpXzrmy2MSGBv24dffQomEyO5csJgGnChAJ+B4SCW64FeuTIkeHh4Xfv3r1//75SqRw9enQgY6Hgp+jene9ymceOBbMZ7tzRzZpllkqhffscdiUELl+GpCR4YRVgL3tiorpGDemcOVCrlvDjj22VKik2bMit3bDERJdEwmreHGQy/qhRuoQE6dSpvvpSRY5KBUePwuPHTOdA/pHrKI7Dhw+npKTw+XwAWLRoUZkyZQKYChUBrLZtdX37Kpctg2XLAEDA4/G2bn1+HudMt25pWrcOe/QIAGx8vmfePMkHH2TbhbLbPc/dP+TYbC9ruEIF+ePHsHev48YNfoMGoc2b++LbFD0eDwwYoEtMlBPCAiAtWmh37w4TiZiOhXwqT33QuJA2ypHy55/hzBnnzJnuZctET55wOnV6cR9927Z8rda9di0cOmSNjxeNGwcvLAjLatky7N9/PXv3AiHk1CmSnq55+bRQAgG8/TZ/4kQoqdUZAObNs/zyi3LYMNPRozB5svXIEeWYMQXpX0LBjCKE5PhB9+7dIyMjp0+fDgBTp05NT0/fsmVLYLPlYMyYMVqt9pdffmE6CMqbe/fgtdfcK1Zw3n8fAMBqBbHYUr+++OTJ/+x29qyxY0eZSkWzWCyaNioUsgsXoIRNfp1fVaqoKIq6cSPCu/nGG8arV2W5/NeM/GjUqFFffPFFWf/8c831CnrFihVqtbp8+fLlypVTqVTLli3zR/OomDOZAIATGZm5KRIBgOj06azPyYUL6WXLQp06MpXKIhZbunTxrFkjS04uCdXZaITLl3MdrvJKZjNboXg2qNFqxSnpiqFcC3RYWNivv/5qNpstFstvv/0WFhYWyFiomHj9datQqJsyxTsRs9FwJTEAACAASURBVGPuXADwbNqU+anTaWzVims0uleuJImJjtBQ7t697LZti/18Rh4PDByoUyhccXEgl7uGDtUVYPh4kybUmTPKf/4hAHDrFqjV7nr11L7PihiVvUBzOJyJEyd6X2TDRDxUxPF4nB9/lF296lEqHXw+f8IEXdOmnB49Mj/9998QrVa+cSNnyBCqVy/loUMCp9O9cCGjiQNh6lTzhg3KAQMs27ZBz56mVauUX39tze9JFi8OlcvtDRpQAoGtShUghFq3LsIfaRGDspddt9ud7QVChcHr3x8aNjStWOHSaDhduyq7dHn2mXdwfdbSlNHRAEDv3g3z5gU+ZyCtWWNPSLCsXRsJAN26Kf/4wzpxoii/g7nDw+HRI9natc6kJGt8PDV0qFgu90taxKBcr4vj4+MvXLjgfU0IKV++/MOHDwOVChUvFStKc6y5b77poSjzjBkhW7YAm22dMUMEwFu5MuD5As1o5NWt+2wooVZbwMFxQiGMHMkbORIXrCq2cijQ7du3P3LkiMPhEAgE3ndomo6LiwtsMFQClCplHT8+5OuvbVKph8WSWK26Tp2Ub73FdCy/i4+3Hzwovn8fKlSAO3dAILA0amQBwA4KlF0ONwn37dtnt9vffvtt+1NOp/NMPtdjRigvpHPn0seOWbt3t7Vv796xQ5nn5QqLtJ9+iqBpdqVKnrAwfZUqHhYLfvgBqzPKQa5dHFu3bs16TQgZMWLEDz/8EJBIqGRhNWkSWvgp/IuUqlXh9m3hd98ZL1921a5t/egjKQ6SQjnKdZjdvHnzJBKJQCAQCAR8Pv/8C09/IYQK4ORJulIldUwMWbRIyOPBxx9jdUa5yrVAz58//8qVK4MGDbp27VpiYmKnnJ7iRSi4eDyFmpDa/5KToXlzh8HAmTLF1q+fae9eeceOOE8kylWuBdrj8ZQvXz4uLu769evdunXblPVwAUJB6P59VdOmLoHAyeerWrWC5GSmA+Vs7VqrwyE4c0Y5fbpo7VrljBnk1KnQe/eYjoWCVa4FOjw8fPXq1ZUrV967d29KSorBYAhkLFTS2Net00ZH0yyWLiLCunhxPg+2ZzRoID51yjJkiGXgQOnx4/qGDSEoB/LfuGHh8ezlymVuRkfzAeDAASYjoWCWa4GeMmXKvHnzmjZtevny5QoVKnz66aeBjIVKFPeOHfxBgzxSqfnDD93R0aIPP7QvXZqP4w8dkqtU4p075StWKFatEmzapHj0CP74w295C65FC7nTKaxcWc/jOaVS0/TpJgDo04fpWChY5Vqg+/bte/36dS6Xe/z4cbvd/sknnwQyFipRNNOm6SMjI65ckS1cGHH+vL5CBcGYMXk/3HHzJgBQtWt7N1kJCQBA56vEB0qrVlyK8ty+rRCJHC4X5/59aUyMOdsTgITAvHnmqCgdl+usUkX9558ehsIi5r1sPuisaaBZLFy6EPkRNznZUa1a5upZFCVT52/SH37dugDgfDodrn3LFgBgzZyZr5NYlyxJj4mxC4Wq11/3HDqUr2PzLjHRRgj7vfdMpUtb4+MN77xje/xY8uTJf/aZPdv6+eeS6GjXwIEWk4ndpg2cOoWziJZQ2SvvX3/9FRsby+VyW7Vq9ddff1WrVo3NZlMUhXP2I/9xV60qPnvWO+MdOBxGmUyfNUFHXrz1lr52be6YMarq1dVVq/InTNA3aQK1auX9BPZFi0Rjx9IymaVHD65eT7VuTbLNWO0jly6Z+Xzb6tXSq1cj//knqksXIQBs3/6ffb75xlWvXvq5c5GrVilu3QqlKBgxwr93gDwemDfPXKaMRiIx16+fdv48/h4Ei+wFesSIEe+8887FixcbNGjQvHnzoUOHajQak8nkdDoZyYdKgshFi0Rms6FsWVXDhhlRUfLU1JCXzshhX7NGXbGiSSpNq12bPnkSWCzFX38ZJ06kPB5gsUwzZigOHsxXANusWZr4+MgrV0LXr1fevevmco1DhxbuO+XsrbdCHA7h339nVsC//jIBQN++z3ZwOsFgCGnWLHPZcokEaJp94YJ/p0H6+GPT559LwsI87dvbrl8X1KvnwIElwYL8F5vNttvthBC73Q4ATqeTBJPRo0f37t2b6RTBhT5zJvXNNw1yeVpsrOPnn5mO8zKuPXtS33jDEBKSVrOm+88/n/+IPn8+tUULTXR0aqNGnqSkl5zE9t13BED12mvqt9/WKZUuFoucP1+oWB6Ph6J0H3747B0A8sJ/Gj5hMpGIiAw229GwYVqVKioAMnBgRrZ9wsK01aunezyEEKJWEw7H0by51h9hvNxuwuXau3TJbCIlhQCQd97JngrlZuTIkQ8fPvTTyXPoXPYuFMvn89lsNtfbLegLGo1m5MiR5cuX984uXaFChTFjxuh0Ol+dv4S6dMlTr57w5k17o0Zsp5PXr58jKG+OAYB71y52p04crdbeqBE3NZXVujX9559Zn1Lx8VGHDoUmJ0f99RerYcOXnMf21Vea+PiI27fDt25V3L1L2Gyddz2tAmOxMiIiPAcOZD7kkpHh4PN1desW6py5kEjg6tWQfv1MDx9yaJrMn29evTok2z6zZkmuXg0rW1bbqpWqQgUTALRqJa5aVRUerm/RIu3aNR9HSk4Gl4vfuXPmRXqpUgAAW7dmT4WYka1gs9nsHF8XXosWLYYPH37mzBm1Wq1Sqc6dOzdu3LiWLVvm6yR4BZ1NWqdOZpGIaLWEEELT6TVquDkcpkPlLK1KFW3p0sThIIQQm82gVOrLl8/3WZxOAmD49NNn7/jiatexciUBSI+JUbVvnyGT+eCqvHB++81Ro0ZqeLiuefPUDz+0AZAKFdRt2qjEYiOPZ7t715dtud2Ex7O1b6/xbj56RABI3754BZ1Xfr2Czv4vm8VipT71/OvU1NRCtiQWiz3eP9ueomk6Ojo6XyfBAp1NWsWKqXFxWZvOGjUIALFYGIyUG5NIpOrR49l2QQurLjRUHR9PaJoQQjIyXByOrk6dwsdzJCamVauWoVCkNmhAnz2bp2MePlT/73+aUqXS4uIciYmFz5Ajkcj01lvp3tfJyQSAvP22zrdNjB9vAiBVq6o6dVKJxQY+3/rggW9bKM78WqCzz2ZH03Qp7x85AADw/GtSuBWDa9WqNXHixPfff79MmTIAkJycvG7duooVKxbmnIhUriz+6y8wGkEmAwATi6WEzLVZg401Opp96hR4PMBmg9NpUipZbLY4/+cRTp4sGDcuvXJliI/nHD4spWnFjz8WPh6vV6/IXr0AIK9/26ekWKtWFXs8ptq1OY8e8Xr3tt29K5w4sfBJnpeeDlar5J13MheEjY4GANi2TeHbVubMkcTEWBcsoI4f59eubV2+PCrrWUfEMD8V/hc9efKkV69eMpnM265cLu/Xr19ycnK+ToJX0NnQp0+7WCxteLimb9+0118nANZvvmE6VM5cW7YQAHW5cpp+/dJLl6YB3Lt3F+xUttWrVeXLm8Ti1Ph4z4kTvs2ZR/rRo51sNrlzhxBCaFrTuDEByLyu9x2aJgKBtU2bzCtojYYAkJYt9b5tBRVGoG8SesXHxz9fxMsV+ie1dOnSiYmJGRkZJpPJbDbrdLqNGzdGey8JUEFRdeqwDh92RkYKt29nmc3WpUuFwfrMJ6dHD+fmzTSHI9y2zSMWe3bvZhd0ikTBe+9F3L8vMZujzp9nNWjg25x5ZDt9OiMqCl57DQCAohTeF76+hUdRMHas548/wmrXVg8apKtcWcdmOxcvxsUHS4pAL3lFUZREIvG+NhqN165dq1+/vk/OXGKxmjaNunwZAIKxX+O/eD17RvbsCUUh6itxq1SRXLgAWi2EhgKAQa9XAECVKj5vaM4cSWioeeFCztWroipVMvbs4VSr5vNGUJDKoUDv27cPAN55553nF1Xxh3PnzjVv3pzk0rW9c+fOJUuWZHvzxo0bVatW9WsqxDyNRj9pkuuff0ipUuFTprx81B1TwiZMcG7apKtenfXOO46rVyOOHTOOGCHj5LpEUYGx2fD555LPP/duRfn8/CiovaT7Q6PRuFwuk8mkVqv91MOSX9gHXfylppqlUiebrapSxSCR0ADOjRuZSeLxWFesSGvUKK1RI+uKFeS/Y5AIIe4jR9KqVHGz2Xq5XP/ZZ5kjCAvk6lXSo4e6Vq20IUM0KSmFi40Ci5k+6NWrV1eoUMFkMj1+/Lhq1aobN24M5M8GKrH006ZxrVbupUsRN27ItFpd1arW/Mxs58skHToIR4zg3LnDuXNHOGKE/oUec3azZpE3brDdbrleL583D3i8gjV07BipUcOze7fIaKTWrZNWqGC7e7fQ6VGxkGuBnjp16unTpxUKxeuvv/7PP/9MmjSpkC3t27cvKiqqTJkye/bsqV69OofDqVev3jWfPxeFijj7yZP68uXB28/K48kqVQrJyIDU1EDnOH9eceCAbcqU0NTU0NRU25dfKvbtgwsX8nIoTcOqVfYWLVRt26p/++3Vk9i8/356aKhJpRLfuRNx5w6PosjYsel5T3r8uKdrV3XjxmmzZ5txypxiJtcCbbFYYmNjva8rVqxoMpkK2dK4ceNWrly5adOmrl27jho1KiUlpV+/foMHDy7kaVExwypTRqRSgc3m3TR7PAAAkZEBjuE+eRIAhCNGeDeFw4cDgCdvw5xbt9YPHSq4fJn377/8Hj147777irno7t6Vd+ni8Q5ALVcO7HbRvn3hecy5YIGtaVPWoUPCO3e4kyaJq1XTOxx5PBQVAbkW6Pr160+ePFmr1er1+ilTprz55puFbCk9Pb1Tp05NmjSRyWTvv/9+RETE2LFj8QoaZRP++ediiyU9IcG1cKGmZ0/5/v0Z770HAZ+RnOMdV3rjhneT3LwJAOz+/TM3L1zQDhyobtfOumgR/Peq9e+/4fBhxcyZ9vR0hU4XMmyYaf162csnhwsJsVy9mjkrv8cDPJ6Lz8/TJP0OB0ycyGrUSK/VSlNTQ3fsIHfvKlatKmIVOi0NPv44o00b9WefGTUaptMEm9w6p1UqVffu3cVisVAo7NKlS36fKHlRuXLlLl68SAjJOtX58+fLlSuXr5PgTcJiS683TZmiat/e8Nln9iVLdEolAbBxuZpBg4jNxkAeq9WgVBokEuu0adZp0wxisSE01JvEsWoVTVFWHk+vVNIAukqViN2eddysWRYAkvF0KotLlwgAGTbsZU19+aUJgHTpkr5kibt+fTUA2bQpT7NIXrxIAMjWrc/e8ds0fP5y/ToRCKwsljM8XMdiuYVC661bTGfKp4DOxeE/mzZtkslkO3fu9G5Onz5dJpOtX78+XyfBAh3MXDt3anv31g4c6Dl2LH9HPnxolkrdFJUhl7tYLCufT65cIVotcbv9kzRP6KtX07xzmwCk1qhBX7tGCCFut1ko1CYkEKuVEOLZsYMGsC5cmHXUxo0eAHLuXObmrl00ANm+/WUNud1k9Ggdj2cFIGKxaf58Ux4TpqURADJjRuYPmE5HAEi7dub8flMGNWqkEotN9+8TQsjdu0QoNLVooWI4Uz4xU6AfP37cuHFjLpf74MGDgQMHZmT4YHYrk8lkNBq9r8+ePfvkyZP8ngELdNDSd+9OACxCoY3PJwDGjz/O+7HqLl2sPB65epUQQh48MEqlqrp1/RU0vwwGYjA827x5kwDQz8+7/d+rVr2eiMWm0FDd4sXOuXPtIpEhIiIjL9Oqu92kADOSvfmmhsOxTZhgXrnSU6lSOpvtun493ydhkERi6NIlLWuzyP0FQJgaZvfBBx80adKkQoUK4eHhNptt7Nixhe9OkUgkUqnU+zohIaF0vpY1QsHs9Gn5b79ZPvpIZLEIzGZjjx7ihQvh8eM8Hs06dSqjXr3MkRvlyvGFwojTpwEArl83fPSRbvBgz549fov+KjIZPJ1ABgAgLAwAbDdvZm6azQBgqVcv63O5HP78UySRuD/4gPvFF/wKFWzHj4fkZVp1Nhui8v8Yyq5dofXrG+bOFQ0dytJq2b/84snxQS6bDZYscfTvr50zx+pdWSxIyGSOx4+fLacXGmplMEwwyq1yK5VKh8NRs2ZNQojZbA4LC/PTT0S+4BV0cLLMmUMAiP7pJD7nzhEA8sEHeTw8tXJlVaVKWZuG2FgCYFu61E1RLhbLxuMRAG2bNj6fiqhgtPXq2Tgc67Rp5Jdf1NWreyiK5DQ9aUoKSU8PUKSMDPLoUa6fpqeTsDADABEKLQC0SGTx9tYEg2nTTACkTx/tli2kTx8dAJk7Nxgny30JZq6guVwu5+lzq1wuFxf2Ri/B9w6DS07O3E5PBwB47rry5UJGjIi4c0ffuzfs3KkfNkx6+7ZpzBhq3DhjvXocg0Fgt9umTlX+8QfZt88f4fNLuXOn8c03BdOmQZ8+/IcP7atWQULCi7uVKuW92g6EkBCIicn103HjdBkZghMniNUqunWLYrE8Awfmb910//nyS8mQIbotW6Q9e8KWLeLhw/WffVYMZmrxndwq90cffbRmzZoaNWrodLoxY8Z89dVXfvqJyBe8gg5S6elWPl9TujT9yy/u1av1crlBLn9+bMMr0LTu/fcdbDYBcLNYmt69yaFDBIAcPJi5g9tNAJyhoX6KXxDp6eT6deJyMZ3j1WJi1HXrPnt+/LXXbMHWz2sykStXgnOdiVcL6IT9WebPn799+/a2bdt+9913vXr1atSoUSB/NlAwUqlcW7bYHz+Wtm8PzZv/56OwMO7u3aw+fag+fdgA7jJlQnfuBD4/r2emKMWKFfDNN3DvHrt8+dCQELh8GQBIenpm96TBAADuRo18tkSml1brTky03rsna9cOWrfOeR+aJr//bjp6VFSlCqd372f90WFhgbtCLhyJxKPXs7M2hUIngIDBPC+SSKB6daZDBKeX12+apung6Pjzwitopnj++MPK4xEAmqIIgKZlyxx6hN1ucuUKuXXLB53FHo8uOjpDInGtXUv27UuPi3OxWOTmzcKe9jl0UpKVz3/2jerXz2FUn9WqrVYtax+jREIuXfJhhsCYP98KQAYP1h8+TCZMMFKUZ/BgHy+aVZIxM8zu5s2brVu35vP5PB6vVatWt4Jj+DgWaGbQtEGh0MbEkAcPiNNpnT6dADjXrvVvo1eupMfEeAdemYRC6+rVvj29tlQpfWQkuXOHuFz2hQsJgHXx4mz7GCZMoCnKuWEDcbvJpUsGmSz99ddzPeOFC46vv3b/8EPgbg7mDU2Tfv00LJYbgADQrVqpi2hnQnBipkDHx8dPnz5dr9dnZGRMmzatdu3afkqQL1igmXH3LgFwr1nz7J3ADFilaXL5MvnnH98/TKhSEQD7t98+eyenb5QSF5dWsWLWprVdOwJAno7lf562Xz/aewYAC4/nKuhqXv6jVpPjx0n+nz1Ar8DMKI67d+9++eWXcrk8JCRk8uTJt27dCmTHCwouAgEA0FkTZrndAGALwDB2ioI33oB69UDg6z5TgYAAeAxPpzGiaQBwvbjYrkDAttuztjwU5X0z2170H38of/7ZMmIEGI1w65a9dGlHnz7e/5X85+5dWLbMvWYNnZ63me/Cw6FxY8BnD4qWXAv0gAEDvv32W6vVarVaFyxY0K9fv0DGQsElOlr32mv2iRM927bB2bMZPXoAAG/NmsAFoGk4eBBWrICkJN+cUCbTxcWRr792JybC2bMZffoAALVhQ7a95O++G5aSYhw1Cs6fd65ezTl4UNOsGbzw2In+t98cHI5kyRKQSiE2Vjl5sthshr17C5lRpYKNG2HduhwmW5040Rgb6xk9mjN4MCs62v7LLzjNaDGV26V1RETE87uxWCw2m81msxMTE/10MZ8X2MXBmOvXtVFR3j/hXSxWxvjxgWs6LU1brhx52oGgiY/3zYCse/c0Zct6z+mmKN2YMTnsQ9OaXr28dwgJQHqVKuTvv8maNWTnzud7XXRjxrjY7KxhhfRPPxEAkt8JSf5r5Uobh2Pzfmk227Fw4bMZNi5eJBRFd+6sT04mt26R6tW1fL7t+cfRUSAVk8mSfAILNJM8HnLyJNm9mwR2CTRNhw52Dse1bRtJTbUvX+6hqIw8P6P4CjRNTp0iO3e+YhaMR4/Ijh3k/Hntu+9mFeuMkJCsBwjpEydoAF3HjuTKFfrwYV1YWEZY2ItLZOVFcjL55ReyZg1hs50JCdqbN8nt2+Stt7QsliurCMycaQGgsx7bPHyYAJAlSwrQGvIBxgp01gC74BlphwW6BDKJRKq33362zdCEOq5t2wiAYcgQ8vAhfeyYXqHQli6d9WnGxIkuFiurdtP//JP1kclEdu0iv/326sEdc+YY2WzH0z8VyNKlmcP+7t4lAGT48MzN2bOtAESjyTzqzz8JAPnxR999VZQfzNwknDNnTrNmzcxmc40aNcRi8bJly/zf3YJQTijq1fv4n27TJrNIJPvpJyhblmrSRDJunDI5OWtG/5BZsziPH8PmzfDHHyEqFfX0Mfc9e9zh4eYuXaB7dyhVyv7995bczn/tGkycKG7c2Hz9OsydSwDgk09cTxeW+Y+uXYUURffoob91C86eheHDtQKBtW9f339lxLhcC/T8+fN/+eWX3bt3JyQk3Lx5c/r06YGMhVAWR7Nm8l273Nu2QWqqY/lymqIM48YxkIOmc/ipeH45leho6NkTWrfOeoTSbIYePVzR0c5//oHz56FOHeu4cfzcFoTdscNKCGvrVmXVqvDeexSb7bbbBYsWwZ07MGCAjsVyf/ll5tOAr78Os2dbjh+XVKkCderAkyeixESeWJzvL+RywfHjsGcP4DomwSu3S+vIyMhHjx5169Zt9+7dKpUqNDimQcAujpJIpcp+k9BqDXwK1+bNBMA0dixJSyNnzujDwnRRUS8/5MABAkCOH8/cTE0lAKR/f0eOO0+bZqYoOute3yefPOvrYLMdixZln4Z/yBADRXm8O5Qpo816ksztJn//TfbvJ7qXPi14+jQdGqrLOv/MmTkM7i6ACxfI7t0la7Q1M33Qixcv5vP5devWdTgcMTEx8+fP91OCfMECXTyZTOTQIXLiRK5zD3k85M8/yfLlJCkpsMn+Q9uzZ9bTKEaJ5PmO5hz9/jsBIP/+m7npXfGkTZucC/T58wSA/t//9Glp5PZtUq2alsezr1xJ1q8nKSnZd9650wVAevbUnztHtmxxC4XG119PJ4ScOfOs7HI4tgULcl6cxeMhYWEZSqX+99/pM2dIq1Y6iqK/+44Ups6kpZHq1dO9TVMUPWCANmhuXfkXkzcJvbcH8SYh8h/rqlXeOTEIgC401MNoCX61ixedixaRX38l5levLKXVEg7HXru29tEjkp5OOnfWUxR95Uqu+48fn0FR7qzy+ssvOZdyQkjXriqx2Jg1d8gnn9gByOPHJDw8Q6HQ795NJyWRRo20FOW5eDGHw69cIQAkMZEmhFgspGHD9Ke/O3THjpq8rP/youbNNRyOffly++nTZOjQDACydCkDf+gEHsPD7Giavnz58pQpU/yUIF+wQBc3d+64WCxNfDw5epTetUsXHm4MCSGOXAtTkfPjj7asgRkU5Z4w4RXDlW/dIosXu1au9Lx8KGObNqkKhT5rc/x4l3flQwCyeXPm5ZTJRABI06Y5jBn/918CQLyPo7/3ns7bVSKXOz//3AhAT5qU7+4Ot5twOI6hQ5/1qhTFxasKhplRHISQK1euTJ06tVq1avXq1Tt//nwge8ZRCWHfto1D06H790PTplTnzoo1a6QGAzC4wJWvDRsmePiQt2SJe8EC182b7NmzZS/fPzYWxo7lDBnCCg9/2W5vv63Q6+ULFjhcLrh3D9avN0VEZJQqBQAglWbeyRQKAQBu3sxhSuG4OBCJrJ99pnvyBLZvp8qUMQPA5s2cuXOlIpFr1ixpfr+mxwMeD1sux2U9fCz7/3mEkKtXr/76669btmzRarU6ne73339v2rSpwOeTISAE4NLr+RRFPV2pMnOai3v3GIzkc6VLw+jRuU68XjBDh/J//ln36afKTz8lABSfL/jjD0FcHAgEts8+syUkKBUKGD/eAiBevz6HObT5fFi3jtunDysmBgDkGRnQo4euTRslAFitvALk4fGgShX9Tz/xhg6F2FjYssVNUawvvjADvOIHCb1c9l+8atWqNWvWLDU1dcmSJSkpKRKJpG3btlidkZ9IO3WiCDF/+im4XGA06qdMcXE4MGQI07mCHZsNx48rDx2C8ePNy5a5k5OFTZpQQiGsWsW+cUMSFQVCoee778Q9euhat855FHnNmtwyZbIGZZO4ODEAHD1KczjOXr20BYi0eXOYy8WuWhW4XE+fPpzKlQ2TJ2N1LqzsP+w6nS48PLxChQqxsbFZaxIi5C8NG+r791csX+7+4QcWITIA5+LFXIWC6VhFQ4sW0KLFf7oj+vblNW4MGzfa9XpXt27SBg2UOR5ICLRpo1erecuWuTgc7siRnsmT+dOmuT0eTmSkbcmS0AKEiYuDlBTxL7+4r12ztGwp69xZgeuYFl72EpycnHzs2LHNmzfXqVOnWrVqNpvt0aNHZcuWZSQcKgkUGzbAqFG2X39licXiAQOElSsznahoi4mBCRMEL1/U6vZtePBAsWoVPXgwCwDat+fExECZMq5p06Bv3xBeQTo5AABCQmDECA5ASAGPRy/IXqA5HE7Lli1btmy5dOnSw4cPb968OT4+vmzZsp07d54xYwYjEVHx16CBtEEDpkOUIFotAEDp0pmXuN5JolUq3qBB7NwPQgzI9Y8QLpfbtm3b1atXp6WlzZo169GjR4GMhRAzLBZISWE6hN/VrAlcrmPGDL13ro+FC50A8MJs2DlITYWsZRtQALy6l4jH43Xs2HHdunUBSIOY53LlMD98SaDRqFu3pqVSKF1aHxrq3LaN6UB+JBLBggX0iRNymcwhkVg++YTXsKHunXdedvm8e7czIkIXHQ0hIaRxKCbG8QAAIABJREFUY1XJ/DcSeLkW6G+//VYmkwmeE8hYiAE2m7Z/f5dIBNHRxpAQ608/MR0ooLRdu4YcOWL+4APP8uUepZLVowdcvcp0KD8aO1Z4/jwMHWrr2NG+ZYvr77+VL5k08P59ePttEArppUs9n31mOXVK1rGjLoBhS65cx2nMnj3777//jouLC2QaxKCMUaMUmzZl9O8vr1/f8cMP0uHD6QoVWK1aMZ0rILRaZVKS/csvZTNmAEBY796gUJjHjZMcPMh0Mj+qWZNavlyelz1XrjR5POIzZ8LCwwFAolA4J0xQ3rkDlSr5OWKJl+sVtFwur1GjRiCjICYRwt+0Sd+tm3L9etaoUeGnT1MAtmHDmI4VKGlpFIAg6x+8XA4Akj//ZDJSMLl/387nO7IebgwL4wHAyZNMRiohci3Qw4YN8y4aG8g0iDEWi9DpFNSsmbnJ4wGA+MGDQDTtcASilZerUsXG5+sXL/bO70wOHAAA27ffMh0rB379Xyu3k7dsGWK3C3/91QMAbjds2aLncFzvvOPHJMgr1wL9/fffT5w4USaTcZ4KZCwUaBKJLjLSvn49eO/rX77sZLP1Q4f6sUVCjNOmGUNCQCDQRUTYA7lG+Is4HGruXEVSkik0VFOmDLRvn1G2rHDECCYjvSApiY6NVQuFtEBg79tX48PRFDYbjBqlF4msQiEpXz79wAF3th0GDOBVrqzv2ZNVurRWqTQdPKiYMsUlEvksAMpNrgX6yZMnDofD/ZxAxkKBJ1u6VHnvnjk0NL1iRVetWk6JRDFzpv+as86dK5s+3V6jhmXiRE94OH/wYPeuXf5r7pUE48bRx4/bWrRwx8SYp02T37iROdtQcHjwAJo3dxoMnE8/tf7vf+bERHn37j67Tff++xkrVoS0aGEZP97idlMdOpArV/6zA48Hly8r5syxli/vbtzYdviwZ/JkLM8B4adZ8vwEpxv1K/rcOVW3bmm1a+s++IBotX5tSxserk5IyNxwOu1CoTUszK8tFmnjxxsoyp01c/+nn1oAfLO6utNJ2Gxnv36ZM4V6VxVo1izDB6cuGQI63SiHw5k4caL3RTY+/FVwOBzO5xdzQ8GBqlUrYtu2yDNnFN99B8qcp3HwFalOx6pdO3ODy+XbbEJcGi93N27YpFKLd0JRAIiMFAHA0aM+OHNqKng83KZNM5/P9s6DcvQoPq4dFLIXaLfbPXv2bO+LbArZ0qBBg+x2e2pqaps2bYRCoUgk6tatmwb/myypMsqWpfbuzbwtpVZbhEJN48ZMhwpejRvLjEbpiRMEAAiB48czAKBjRx+cOSYGhELr2rV6mobz50n16hoAEAhs48dnuFw+OD8qjOwFumXLllmvL1y44MOW1q1b53a7R44cWb58ebVardVqY2Njhw8f7sMmUBESumSJIiXFEBGRVru2pWxZrssVtnw506GC1/DhwogIU5Mm7lq1VNHRut275Z99ZvbJbTqKgq++ok6cCA0Pz6hdm752LZTLdcbHm7/5JmTYMIMPGkCFkL1AHzt2LOt1nTp1fN5eUlLSggULwsLCQkJCZs2adejQIZ83gYoEVocO5O+/bXXqsDMyLO3a8a5fh+rVmQ4VvGQyuHFDNmSIyWymypRxJiY6582T+Orkn34q3L3bzeNRhLDeeUf/8CHv5Mnwfv2M69aFeAf1IKYEdPCcwWCoVKlSWlqaVCoFAI1GIxaLAxkABRVWw4ZR+AudZwoF/PCDv24MdOrEqV7d5nJ5fvsts4myZUMA4NQpaNbMT22iVwvclNoNGzaMi4u7cuXK6NGjAeD06dNNmjQZO3ZswAIg5GPXr6c1a2YIDVW/9pp16VKgaaYDFUrduiKdLuTmzczNa9f0ANCwIZORUA5rEqalpb34GgCioqIK01JSUhIhRKVSZZ1zwYIFnTt3Lsw5EWLMw4e2WrVEHI69aVO4c0c0Zow5JUUyaxbTsQpu3DjZkiWWuDiqSRPTgwfUnTsRH31k5vF81pGCCiD7FTRN06Weev51qawBPoVAUVRUVFR8fDwA1K1bt1mzZqdOnSr8aREKPP2cOWyPR3b9esTvv0fcvKlt0UIye3aBL6IJgVWr7NWqqUqV0nbrpmZk9vXISLh6Vdy6tfnSJR4AWbLEOn8+VmeG5XAFHbC2z50717x589xa3LFjx8wXnmR79OiRt74jxCz7hQuuyMiImBjvpiI6GgDg2jV4440CnO3zz83ffCMpX94cG+veu1f655+Wu3fFERE+zJsnZcvCnj0BbxXljskZNpo1a/aS34OuXbt27do125tjxozRaguy5DBCvsWrXl1y7hykpUFUFABk6HRKAHj99QKcyu2GRYu47dvr9u4NA4CbN6FqVZg1y/jdd7gqdkmH6+4iVBChEycCgKFqVe2AAeqEBOXevaZx44BdkDX97t8Hl4vft2/mWuZVqgAALF4coOr86BH07Jn+2mvpTZqkHT7sCUyjKI8CV6CvXbtWq1YtPp/fp08fm80GAGazmXrJKg4IBbPXXuOdOmV77TXh1q3s1FTz3LnS+fMLdqaYGGCx3H/8YfRueleT6tUrEGv/3b8PlSvbd+6UyOX0lSv8li3ZGzfi44NBJHAFevDgwX379r13755MJhs/fnzA2kXIT6hataLOnhVZraGpqZLPPy/Y5TMACATQv795wwZps2aqYcP0b7yh53Lts2dLfZs2RxMnagght28Lz579f3v3GdBEtvYB/JkkJJTQJCAqYsO6iMKiWBBREUVQQWlir4h1V7ysfX31qutVd+26K66IiBRFXDuueC0oKKJYECt2EUIglEASknk/xMtaQAlMJiE8v09kMjnzzLL+mZw5c07TvDzTTp0K5sypoOG4qJbo64N+8OBBaGgog8HYvn27vb3906dPmzZtStvREdJkf/xhYmFRFB6um5Ki37lzwZ49xm3b0nHcmzdlNjZCa2s9AGCxwNTUMDubXVwMRtj7rRnou4I2MDB49uwZAOjo6KxevXrBggV0jhhBSJNxOLBhg0lhobFUqnPnjqWTE03/MFu3Jl+/1q96npvBKAXAdNYg9AX04sWLe/fuvXTpUgDw9vbm8Xj4lApC6rV8uUVJCdfWNn/p0jI3t7yUlCYLF9LR941qib4ujrlz5zo7Oz9//hwACILYs2fPsWPH7O3taSsAoUaLz4c1a4rS0yUdO7KWLWvSuvWH7f36MeLiJPPnM9au1edy5QsXFq1bV6t1vhE9aB0HbW9vX5XIDAbDx8fHx8eHzgIQ0igkCdHR4kOHhCwWMXWqyfDhOqo4yosX0KWLSCw2aNpUlpZmEBEhSUnRcXL6MIDK15ft62smFgOHQ8dtSaQUHAeNkNp4eQnGjeNcucI5f153xAgdFc2//MMP+TIZ8eCBzps3Zm/ecExMyqdMyf9sHw5HFUdG9YUBjZB6pKbCqVNNliwpLyoyFgoNJ00qCQ83evaM+gNdv07Y2xe1bw8AYG4OXK5uVhY+z90wYEAjpB6XL1cAQGioHgAwGLBwoSEA8csv1B/IzEz6+rVO1ZgpLhdHOjcYGNAIqYeVFRsAnj//8PL1awCAj5aco8yPP5q9fs0bMoR/4ACMHVtw/77RggU4VKNhUOdkSQg1Zh4eDAODsqFDxf/+t3FFhXzZsjIzM8LHp1bLad+5A+HhwvJyeUCAsZvbNy6zJk9mP3ki3LTJ4Nw5YDINJ08u/OUX1S7ZjqiCAY2QepiYwNmzen5+5cHBTACmjY0kIcGczf7Gp/Lz8+fMOR4fzyWItgxG1/Bwhp9fYVyc6dc/tWaN8cqV8PIlWFmxORxM5wYDAxohtenbl/H2Le/5c2CzoXnzb9y4KyoqCg0Nffz4eUrKgA4dOM7OyXfv3uLx5sbHj7t69dtrU+noQLt2lFWO6IEBjZCaVT028hXPnj0LCgpauXKlXD7U0xP27wcnJygtLf3XvxYDJE2fvu3+/Vr1jaCGBW8SIqTpXr9+HRgYeODAgaFDhxobAwAoVq3gcrlLl24DGCEU+gqFKhlDjdQLAxohjSYWi4OCgvbu3du+fXsA6NEDTE2Lx40rPHRIdvo0DBpUwGKNWL8+bPTo0SKRqA7tkyScPQs//1wRGSkvK6O6elQ/2MWBkEYLCwsLDg7u2rWr4iWbDUlJhl5egqAgJgAYGOhERckDAgYbGJSNGzcuPj6eqcy01BUV0LOn4O7dJgC6ADB3bnFamlGnThSfAknCuXNw/XpFp06cESOIb94IRVXwChohzZWWlvbmzZuxY8d+vNHRkXj71uzWLUhLg4ICo4AAXQDw9vZ2dXVdvHixUu2vXl1y757pn39KxGJITweZjAgI+Pwp8HoSiaBrV8GQIbB8ua6fH9GiRVHV0G/0TRjQCFVHIoHEROnmzZCWpq4S5HL51KlTN2/e/OVbDAZ07w49e34yh8a8efMKCgri4+Nrf4jjx8vats2bPJnNZsP330OfPsw7d8yrpoemxLJlwqwskz//lJSVwYUL8tJS9tixFP8N0GLYxYHQFx4/LurTx4TPV0wuV9Cvn1lyMrDo/scSHR3t5+dnZWVV+49s3759yJAhdnZ2HRVLz34Lm00WFv7TJcJgyAAoPtGTJyu6dCmfPNkSAFxdGV27klevmstkdV4grHHBK2iEPpfv58cSieTJyZCXV75+vdnly2V1XRC2zqRS6Y4dOxYuXKjUp/T09MLDw4ODg8VicW32HzvW5PVr84ULSx48gMhISXKyTv/+fB1KJz1lsUix+J+1oRkMEgAYGDy1g/+dEPqUWNzk7l3ZzJmMAQPA3FwvLAwADJTs262/iIgIf39/AwMDZT/YoUOH4ODgWib7/Pl6I0cWbNrE7dIFJk5kt2pVeugQT/livyYggPvkSdP/+7+yR4/gwAHJzZvsIUP4BPHtDyLAgEbocwQBAKRMpsYSKisr9+7dGxwcXLePjxkzprS09Pjx49/ck8GAxESzx4+JuDhIS4NHj3jNmn14q6QETpyAo0dBIKhbFR8sWcJ1cytYudKgY0eYMIHdpk1JZCTFfwO0GPZBI/QpNltgb6//+++ywYOZ3buX/f67AYBo40Z9GktISEjw9PTU16/7Mbdt2+bu7u7o6NisKnFrZmMDNjafbElMlI4ZI66o4AIAi1WxfTsZHKxXt0pYLDh3ziwrC27dgnbtwMnJDC+faw+voBH6VGGh+Zw5cn19ppcXWFkZrF7NHzxY/4cf6Cxh9+7dISEh9WmBy+Vu2bJl2rRpZNU80LUmFEJgYKWVlTg1FW7dAnt70ezZOi9f1qcc6NIFxo6FXr0A01kpGNAI/aP0t98qLCxg8mRDgaCMyyUXL4bbt3lJSXSOOUhLS7OxseHx6tsP0KNHDxcXlw0bNij7watXQSzWi4w0c3KC7t3hyJEmMhlr9WppPetBdYABjdD/3L+vHxoqcnKCtDTyzBmJrm7p7t3QuTPNVezcuXP27NmUNPWvf/3r4sWL169fV+pTEgkAgK7uh5eKodb5+UpfiaP6w4BGjZtcDhkZcO0alJeXxsURAE1OnoSePYkhQ0x37zYsLISkJDrLEQgEb9++7datGyWtMRiMvXv3zp8/v6ioqPaf6tsXmExpcLDgzRvg82HKlCKCkP/yCz6grQYY0KjxIm/eFDRvrniErtTMTJaaKicI0Pvf3TDFeOC3b+ks6cCBA+PGjaOwQUtLy1WrVs2YMaP2ndE8HmzfXpmRwbWyAnNzOHXKcMmSUson6EC1gQGNGiuptMTdnZBIyNhYSEqqaNfO4O+/mXJ56fz5UFEB798Lli8Xs9lAaVx+U3x8vL+/P7VtDh48+Lvvvqv2kfGazJyp9+wZe9u2yo0bpQ8fMv/9byNqS0K1hMPsUGOVkWEkEMCxYzBiBADwzp2DZs3K27bl7t5N/v47QZJcJpPcuxfqMdZNWdevX7e1tdXTq+OAtq9YtmyZt7e3o6Njv379avkRa2uYMwfzQc3wF4Aaq+JiAAAzsw8vTUwAgMFiQVqa6NgxlrExZ8wYaNmSzor2798/adIkVbTMZDIjIiK8vLzi4+OVmtxDQ5AkPH0KJAk2No1roB52caDGqkcPKYtVuGgRlJaCXF62eDEAcPbuhZ49Ddas4YSF0ZzOEonk9u3bvXr1UlH7ZmZmu3btmjBhgkQxSuNb+HzIzobKSmqOXlEBWVkf/iYqKz1dbmVV0L49dOgAzZoJrlxR50OeNMOARo2ViYn0P/8xSkmRGRtL2WyDzZsLfX3B2Vld5Zw4ccLT01Olh+jevfuMGTO++QR5bi44OeWZm5OdO4OpaXFExLcXaiFJeP4c8muYRnTJkiIjo4rvvgNTU5mvb0FFhRI1l5fDoEGi8nLm3r2y/ftJkiSGDBErMyalYcOARo2X/o8/MrOyRD/+WDZtGpmcbKrMTMqUi46Opnb8RrUCAwObN2/+66+/fmWfESMKMjIMV62qiI6GVq0kU6Zwbt36WptJSZVNmwratAELC+ja9f3Tp5+8GxEhWbfOZODAsthYmDmzLCGhybx5SuTrxYtQXMw9etRkyhTmhAnE6dOmIpH+3r2NZlA22aDMnj07MDBQ3VUgRLHCwkJ3d3d6jiWTyXx8fM6cOVPtu/n5JAC5alW54mVJCQlA9u1bUlNrr1+TbHa5lRU/PFy2fn2Fnl6JtXWhTPbPDg4Ob5s148vlH1727FmoVOrs3y8DIB89+vDy/XsSgHR1lSjRhIqFhIS8ePFCRY3jTUKE1O/w4cOjRo2i51gMBiMiImLYsGFt27ZVLET7MT4fAKBDhw8rtXC5AAApKdyaWouNrZBIdC9f1m3dGgA4zZrpTJjAuHIFXFw+7CAQMCwtJVV39kQiPQCorKztsgB9+jAAyLVrS/fuNSQIWLOmDMDg118pnbJag2EXB0Lqd/jwYV9fX9oOZ2RkFBERMWnSJKFQ+Nlb7duDnp5ow4ZCxcJXhw/LAGDr1hq7jV++LGcwKqsGhpibMwDg8uV/dujbV+fu3SaZmQAA+fmQm1vesWN+7RdtsbGB6dOLIyIMudwyLrd061aDwMBCe/vafryhw4BGSM1yc3PZbLZZ1YA/WtjY2KxcuXLy5Mnkp08YMpmwdSsrI8PUxKScxyvy82N07FgYHKxbUzvu7iZyOWvHDgkAVFbC778LGQzZzJn/7LBxYxMuV2JvL7OwKGzWTFJYqL9vn3LzQP3xh/HZs7Lhw0XDhlUcO1Z56JCpcqfakGFAI6RmcXFxfn5+X24nSVBqwIOyBg8e3KNHj/Xr13+2fdo0dkYG+PuXOTpKtm6tuHPHlF3zPBweHkSvXoIffmDzeEUmJqWJicZhYeUf/62xtIScHMNly0R2dpKZM8uePWP37q30SGZ3d2ZsrHl8PG/EiMbVK0tfQPP5/JCQkNatW7NYLBaL1aZNmzlz5gjquVoDQg3fsWPHRo4c+fGW4mIICMjncMT6+qSNTd7ly6oa+bto0aKUlJTLH3dJAABA9+7EgQO8M2cs5s7V+0o6AwBBQEpKk/DwCgcHibt7+fnzsnXrPu+wNjGBVasM//676fbtptbW1J6BlqMvoAMCAuRy+ZEjR969e/f27duEhAQdHR3Kpx1AqGF58eKFqampkdEnk134+AgOHzb19S1dvFhUXMwaNEj64oVKjk4QRERERFhYWH0ulRgMmDpVNynJIiHBfOBAXKybSvR9X0hLSzt37hzjf8v5WlhYdO/evSE+dYoQhQ4fPvzZZQqfD8nJpkuWVKxZYwYAc+YYNG8Oy5eXRUYqvYBsbZiZma1Zs2bWrFkxMTGqaB/VB31X0Pb29kuWLMnJyZFKpVKp9Pnz56tWrWrbti1tBSCkgb58gPDlSwAgnJw+TJmkWFPwwAGVpLPCwIEDmzVrhgGtgegL6JiYmOfPn3fv3p3NZrPZbHt7+8ePH8fGxtJWAEKaJicnx9zc3MDgk/Dt1AmYTEl4eJFieMXlyyQAbNqkytuFAGvXrt2yZQtfMQoaaQz6ArpFixYxMTFFRUUlJSWlpaUCgSAqKqp58+a0FYA0Vl5e3pQpU5ycnNq0aTN79uzCwkJ1V0STuLi4gICAzzbq68OCBZLjx02aNRN07fre1VVmaSn8ykA3Sujp6a1evTosLEylR0HKonuYHUEQXC7XwMCAIIji4uLU1FSaC0Ca5sWLF56enhMmTEhLS8vJyfHy8vLy8sqvad4d7XL69GkPD48vt//nP9zYWEmrVhKplJg1q+TBA2MDFfZwfODm5lZeXo7/JDWKOgcVZmRkDBgwgKxhJZ7ExMQdO3Z8tjE7O7sTrr2jRSoqKsaNG7d///4uXbootnh4eBgbG48dO/bUqVOs2j9w1gA9efKkWbNm+jUsCODvz/b3t6S5pI0bN3p4eGRmZhK0T7rM58OcOflJSWwGQ+7tLdu0iWdsTHMJmoioKR8105w5cwoKCg4dOqTuQhA1wsLC7OzsvpzFbevWraWlpUuWLFFLVfRYt25dp06dfHx8KGntzh0ICcm9d0/fzKxi4UJuSIh+3TJ25cqV7du3Hzt2LCVV1ZJEAh07Fr56ZeDmJpRI5BcvmtnZlWRkmDaIuflnzZq1aNEia9UM8MYnCZHa3Lt37+7du9XOsTl37tyjR48+e/aM/qpoU1P/Rh08fgyOjuJ79/RcXMRsNsyerb969bcnca5WaGjotm3bajmpP1WSk+H5c9P4eNaZM+bJyU137JDfvm2alkZnCRqKvoDOysqyt7fncDhjxowpLy8HgNLSUvq/SSHNsWzZsrVr11b7FkEQu3fvXrRoEc0l0ebhw4etWrXS1a3vrb+EBImdXa6dXXllJfPYMePjx82zsy369Sv4+ec6LqVoaGg4duzYPXv21LMwpdy6VQ4AAwd+iCNXVzYArF/fkL7cqwh9AT1lypSgoKBnz54ZGRnhzWKUlZWlGG1Z0w7ff/89k8m8c+cOnVXRJjY2VjF+49078PfPb9GioHPn9zt3iuRyJRrZu1cyejS7oECHxaoEgMGDpffvAwCYmJgAQE5OHWubMWPGgQMHKlQ6D8in7O31AOD8+Q8nf+GCBAAWL8arNxon7DcyMpLJZCRJSiSS77777smTJyUlJcoWgBP2a43p06enpqZ+fZ/MzExt/XX36dNHLBYLBKSxcTGLVd6377t27fIAyHnzapwa/0vm5gVduvBlMnLs2Hw2u1xHp8LVlU+SpKsrH4CsmiO/Dnbu3Ll9+/a6f15JUinZpo2AyRS7u793dc1lMKT29oL61E8nlU7YT98VtIGBgaJLUUdHZ/Xq1QsWLCAb1P1JRCE+n//o0SMnJ6ev72ZnZ1dSUvLq1St6qqLN3bt3O3XqxGazd+4sKy7mpqfrXrli+eSJua9v0datXMVEzN8klUJ+vqmnpw6DAcuX8+RyhlTK+e9/zWxt8/77X7OlS0vr0304adKkqKioSqqWjP0WFguuXzcNCCi+cYN99y576lThhQsN4w6hqtEX0IsXL+7du/fSpUsBwNvbm8fjDR8+nLajI40SGRk5Y8aM2uwZEhLyxx9/qLoemh06dCgwMBAArl4tMTIq7tbtw3Z7exMAOH26Vo3o6ICpqfDiRTEAdOwI//2vDkGQDIZMKITNm0WrVtW4Bkpt6OnpDRs2LCEhoT6NfKmsDBYuLOrcOc/e/vP+HB4PDh7kCQQmfL7pH3+Y4Ri7D1R0ZV6tjIyMhIQExc8ymSwhIeGHH35QqgXs4tAOffr0EYlEtdlTJpP17t1bKpWquiTayOXyPn36VFZWkiT5009Cgqis+n48c2YxAFlUVNum1q4tAyC7dcudOlXQogWfICqvXaOsX6CgoMDFxYWq1kiSlEjIDh0EBFH53Xfvra3zAMjAwEIK21cXLeniAAB7e/uqUZ8MBsPHx+e3336jswCkCTIyMmxtbfX09GqzM4PB8PDwOHHihKqrok1qaqqDgwOTyQSAOXOM2GyJnZ1wxoxCd/e83383GD26qPYXj4sW6W/cWJaby9q/30Bfv/LMGejVi7J+gSZNmnTr1i0lJYWqBo8fJx89Mo2JgXv3LF68MJ89uzQmxuTNG6qa1044DhrRLSYmRvEFv5YmTpwYGRmpunpoFh0dXTX028oKUlN127at2LfPIC2NM2tW0YEDJrVviiAgNNQgN9dMKmU/etTU3Z3iuZhDQkK2bdtW9TI/H4KDBQ4O70eOzMvIUPoG0uXLQoKQjx79oUhvby4AfPGwMPoEBjSiFUmSly5d6t+/f+0/Ym1tXV5erh2zc0il0ps3b358d7R7dyIjo6lUyhYKjbdvb1K77xU06dy5c0lJyZs3bwDg3Tto27Zs717D0lLi77/1HR3hyBHlbiF26cIlScbdux9ePnlSCQB0LWXeUGFAI1qlp6f36NGjat2GWgoICNCOmWnPnj07dOhQdVehhOnTpyseWlm2TFBRwbp7V+fRIws+n9u2rWDWrGKlmvL1ZRkalrq4CENDiydNKpwzp7JrV4Gjo2rq1hYY0IhWCQkJo0ePVvZTo0aNSkxMVEU9NIuKiqr20XaN5eXldfbsWZlMdvWqpF27ws6dAQD09MDKyjAvr4lS88KamkJKikGbNuWbNxscPGjg4VH8999NVFS21sCARrS6dOlSv379lP2UkZGRsbHxy5cvVVESbQoLCwsKClS9itDlyzJ/f76HR97u3eX1H8fMYrGGDBly+vRpKyvIzdWvmqKDxSoFAFNT5Vrr2pXIzLQsL2eKxezjxy0sLOpbntbDgEb0yc7Obt++vWIAg7L8/f2PHDlCeUl0io6OVuruaB2sXStycWGcOKF/4wY7JESvd2+BrN4Lgk+ePHnv3r1hYRZCoaGjY962bbKAAP7586bTpwvr1iCbDUp2cTVe+N8J0efkyZOfrb9Xe56eng19sF3V/BsqUlICK1aw3NyERUX6fL7Jrl2S9PQmCQn1TehWrVqJxWI7u/w//ih/9Yozbx7z6FGu60qkAAAZWElEQVTDSZME27bhwyQqhwGN6JOUlOTu7l63z3K5XFNT0zcNdtzszZs3O3TowOXW6wG/mly6JJ8yReDvXyyTscPCTNhsAIDgYDYAjB1LwcjocePGHThwYPp0/cJC4/fvQSTi7NtnxuHUv+FPJCXJJk4UTJ1aePmyMlNGaTUMaEQTxeyyxvV4hnfkyJFHjx6lsCQ67dmzJzg4WBUt//BDcf/+jOho/QsX2ACwfHmZYrtiXKKfn7j+h/Dx8Tl27JjiZwsLUMVCN0FBhUOGMOPi9KKi9F1cGKGhyg0R0VYY0Igm58+fd3V1rU8Lw4cPP3nyJEXl0EooFGZlZfXo0YPyll+8gC1bDAMDi0tLdUUiXWNjUVqawfz5kshIsndvPoslWb2agpHVenp6nTp1un37dv2bqlZGBhw6ZDp7dmlZmV5ZGcffv/i33wxfvFDR0RoSDGhEk/oPATYxMSEIQiAQUFUSbSIjIydOnKiKlq9cIQGIn382YrGAwYDkZH0A2LqVPXEiUVjIio8HqsaMKHo5vr4Pnw8bNoiDg4UHD8qUGkBy4YIYAFau5DIYwGLBsmVGJEnghP2AAY1ok5mZaWdnV89Ghg0b1uAuouVy+cGDB4OCglTROI9HAEBe3oeXis6Hn36SP34MfL6JtzebqgO5uLhcu3ZNXvOCAhkZ0LJleVgY588/9caNY3boUFhWVtvGzc1ZAJCb++FlQQEAgJMTzjeKAY1o8eLFC2tra2UfIPzSiBEj/vrrL0pKos3x48cHDx5cy8mhlNWvHxgalo4eXXjwoDwujvTwKNDVFf3rXwwbG4qHshEE0b9//wsXLtS0Q2Bgvp6eJCcHpFJ2YqLs+XPjFStq2488bBiTwykfOrQgLo6MipL5+RUaGZX4+1NUekOGAY3ocP78+UGDBtW/HWtr67y8PLGYghtftNmxY8esWbNU1Li+PiQl6bNY8nHjGAEBhFhMHD/ONjNTybGCgoKioqKqfUsshidPmkyfTrRuDQAwciSTJBm//mpUy5Z5PDh+XKe8nBkQQIwfz2Sx5GfPGmjUtCTqggGN6HDhwoWBAwdS0tTAgQOTk5MpaYoG165da9WqVbNmzVR3iF69GG/emN2/D3fuwPv3TdzcVDDGAgAAunbt+uTJk2r/OrJYwGRW5uV96Hiuw1pJgwez8vJMMjPh/n14+9asVy+MJgAMaESPZ8+eUfWI8/Dhw48fP05JUzRYu3btTz/9pOqjMBjQpQt07Qp1ekhTCUOHDj116tSX25lMcHMrPXCA++uv5SkpMHZsEQCEhyv3RYfJBDs76NIFcLGrKhjQSOUePnzYvn17qlqzt7e/desW2RAWtLx27ZqFhYWNjY26C6FMYGBgTdMKRkWZde8uDA3Vc3aG2FjD4ODCqVOpfpSl8VHVtyGEqly6dGnAgAFUtUYQhCKjHRwcqGpTRZYvX/7nn3+quwoqtWvXLjc3t6yszMDA4LO3zMwgPd380SN49Qrs7Jjm5kpOpISqg1fQSOUuXbrk4uJCYYOenp6aP9guNja2Xbt21tbW6i6EYl5eXtX2cih06ACDBoG5OZ0VaTMMaKRyOTk5bdq0obBBNze3v//+m8IGKVdWVvbbb79t2LBB3YVQz9fXNy4uTt1VNBYY0Ei1cnJyWivGXlGHw+GYmZm9ffuW2mYptGLFitDQUCOj2o4za0Bat25dUFBQVvunUFA9YEAj1bpy5Qq1/RsKmtzLcfHixZcvX/r5+am7EOo9fgyxsWBr63nyZI29HIhCGNBItS5fvuzs7Ex5sxo72C4/P3/RokW7d+9WdyEUI0nw8Sno0IEMDIRt20ZPmRKtwV9gtAcGNFKtBw8edFasZEcpCwuLsrKy0tJSyluuD5FIFBgYuHnzZjMVPcynPlu3licmmi1YUJaVBdHRViKRwM/vlbqL0n4Y0EiF8vPzeTweoZoHDwYPHqxRtwolEklAQMD8+fOdnJzUXQv1oqOLmjfnb9rE7dwZxoxhdezofvXqdalU3WVpOwxopEIpKSm9e/dWUePe3t6as9R3SUnJqFGjgoKCRowYoe5aVEIsJjicf6ays7DwBjhctYYsUhEMaKRCV69eVUUHtEKnTp0ePXokq/+qqPV269atoUOHzps3b8yYMequRVV8fAxycsx375aIxZCWRt68aW1g8JLJrFB3XVoOAxqp0M2bN1X6vJ+zs/Ply5dV1/43FRUVhYaGLlu27NChQ3VebrFBWLzY0MGhMCSErasLvXoROjrk9OmeZ8+eVXddWg4DGqlKRUUFSZK6urqqO4SPj4+6ejlev369ePFiLy+vfv36nTx5UvueGPwMmw3p6U2SkmDlyooDB+Rv3hiFhPgeOXJE3XVpOZyLA6lKRkaGqqfLcHJyWrBgAUmSKroP+SWSJM+dO7dnzx6RSBQSErJ27VraDq12BAGDB8PgwR/+4nbo0OHZs2cSiYTNpmzdlo89eQJiMXTqpPIp+jQZXkEjVUlNTe3bt69KD8FgMBwcHNLT01V6FAWpVLp3715nZ+dz586tW7fu5MmTXl5ejSedqzV48ODz589T3mxmJmltnd++PdjaAo9XdOpU4x0sggGNVOXq1auqG8JRxdeXji/ax44d69+/v1AoTEpK2rBhgzbNIFofo0ePPnz4MLVtSqXg5lYiFOrs2VMZE0MaG8t8fOTv3lF7kAYDuziQqrx588bS0lLVR3FxcVm2bJnq2s/Pzw8JCWnRosWpU6dMTExUd6CGyNbWNjs7u7KyksWiLElu3AA+3+j4cfDyAgBwdDSzsYFff63csKExhpV6rqDFYrEEh1BqtefPn1M+R1K1mExmt27dbty4oYrGb9686enpOW/evC1btmA6V8vV1fXixYsUNsjnAwBUrRHWvDkAwLFjNa4mrt3oC+hJkyZVVFS8e/fO3d1dT09PX1/fx8eHr/htIK2Tmpraq1cveo4VGBgYExNDebOnT58ODQ09duyYKiZ70hqU93L07AkEIVu9WiiVAknCv/9dDgB//qmS+5Caj76A3r9/f2VlZUhISOvWrfPy8goKCtq3bz9jxgzaCkB0unHjBg0d0ArOzs5Xr16Vy6m8yPrrr7+2bNly4sQJla73qgUcHBwyMzMpfFzI0hIWLRIdO2ZkaFjO5ZatXavn6SlQ2dNOmo7uLo6UlJRNmzbxeDxjY+M1a9ao4hYw0gS3b9/u3r07PcdiMBiurq4ULvWdnJy8Y8eOhIQELpdLVZtazNnZ+cqVKxQ2uHat4eXLZECAaNiw8mPHKk+caEJh4w0LrQEtFAptbGxyc3MVL/l8/pcrmyEtoLjBoKLhsdUaP378/v37KWnq7t27a9asiYuL09fXp6RBrefn50f5WA5nZ8b+/Wbx8bwRIxrjvcEq9AV0nz597Ozs7t27N3v2bAC4ceOGi4vL3LlzaSsA0YbOy2eFLl26vH37VigU1rOdt2/fTp8+PTIy0tjYmJLCGgNHR8ebN29S28WEFOj765SSkkKS5Pv376uuoDdt2jR8+HDaCkC0uXbtWo8ePWg+aFBQUHR0dEhISJ1bkEgkEyZM2LlzZ4sWLSgsTOsRBNGrV6+UlJR+/fqpuxZtQ2sXB0EQlpaWimurHj16uLq6pqWl0VkAokd6ejptQziqBAQEHDx4sD4tzJs3b+LEiap+PF0rBQQEUN7LgUC9D6pkZGQMGDCAJMlq301MTNyxY8dnG3Nycui/NEPKom0Q9Me4XK6Dg8OFCxcGDBhQh49HRkay2ezx48dTXlhj0LNnzx9//FEulzMY+HAyldQZ0K6urjWlMwB4e3t7e3t/tjE6Orr+/YxIpfLz89W14NO8efPCwsLqEND37t2LiIg4c+aMKqpqDLCXQ0Xwzx2i2I0bN3r27KmWQ9vY2DAYjEePHin1qeLi4uDg4IiICDqHnWifgICA+Ph4dVehbTCgEcXS0tLo74CusmjRolWrVtV+f5Ikp0+fvnz5cq2f0FnVevbseePGDRzLQS36ArqiBrQVgOhx/fp1R0dHdR3d0dExNzf33r17tdx/48aNXbp0GTp0qEqragwIgnB2dr506ZK6C9Eq9AV0jx499KpDWwGIBiRJlpWVGRkZqbGGXbt2hYaG1mbPU6dOpaamrlixQtUlNRIBAQGxsbHqrkKr0BfQmZmZbm5ux48fJz9FWwGIBo8fP1b7XMnt27d3dHTct2/f13e7c+fOunXrIiMjG/mk+xRydHTMzMysrKxUdyHag76AZjAY/v7++Gy3drt+/bqTk5O6q4AVK1bs27fvK3cLs7KyQkJCDh06hP9DUmvQoEE4wQ6FaL1JOH369LqNUUUNxfXr1zVhoDqHw9m3b9/EiRPz8/O/fDctLW3atGlRUVFWVlb016bdAgICVDH1a6OFozgQle7evWtnZ6fuKgAA2rVrt2XLlhEjRty8ebNqo0Qi2bBhw7JlyxITE9u0aaPG8hqix4/BwyOvWbMCB4f3J05U349ha2v7+PFjvPlPlUY9UxSilkQiIQiCwtWP6qlnz54xMTGhoaElJSV2dnbFxcUZGRkTJkw4e/YsPvCmrCdPwNZWzGQa2NuXPn2qM3w4a9cu8cyZnC/39PLyOnHihK+vL/1Fah9N+beEtMDt27ft7e3VXcUnWrVqdfjwYT6ff+PGjRYtWtja2mI0183SpfkA3CdPDJo3N5DLoXt3/o8/Gs6cWc2eY8aMWbBgAQY0JTCgEWVSU1PV9Qzh1/F4PA8PD3VX0bDduSNr21bYvLkeADAYYGxsXFGhIxBAky8m02/VqpVQKCwqKsJVHOsPryYQZW7cuKEJQziQKrRrR7x6ZVBS8uGlXF4CUE06K6hiCv/GCQMaUSYnJ4f+SewQPX7+2aK8XL9zZ/7cucI+fd5fvdpkyZLSmnb28/OLi4ujszxthQGNqCEQCNQ1iR2iQY8exIkTJIcj37mT++gR++efi1etqnHBxiZNmhgZGb148YLOCqly9arc0/O9o+P70NCioiI1F4MBjaih3ik4EA08PFhPn1rIZEw+33TlSiMm82s7jxs3Lioqiq7SKBMeLunbl7h0SV8gIDZv5trYlBQWqrMeDGhEjevXr6txEjukaYYNG3bq1Cl1V6G0H3+UdOsmKCgwfPbMIi2NJRDo//JLsRrrwYBG1EhLS9OEZwiRhmCz2fb29qmpqeouRAlv3kBpKXfmTGPFxOCOjkCSzP/8R50zf2FAI2oUFxfjsCr0sQkTJkRERKi7CiWYmwODUZme/uHmZ2kpAMD335d87TMqhgGNKPDkyRO1T2KHNE3Pnj3v37/fgB77ZrNh5MiSP//kTpok2LpV9v33+QQh2727xnuhNMCARhTAO4SoWiNHjkxMTFR3FUqIjDT18yuKijKaP59ZUMA6eFDq6KjO2WgxoBEF8A4hqtb48eMjIyPVXYUSuFyIjeWVl7Pevwc+33TMGF311oMBjShw69atbt26qbsKpHGaNm3KZrNfvnyp7kKUo6MDFhbqLgIAMKBR/UkkEgaDoTmT2CGNMnny5IZ1q1CjYECj+rp9+7aDg4O6q0AaSjEgGlf7rhsMaFRf165d6927t7qrQBpKR0fHxcUlOTlZ3YU0SBjQqL5SU1PxDiH6iqlTp35zDV9ULQxoVF8vXrzAxf3QV3Ts2DE/P5/P56u7kIYHAxrVS25urqWlpbqrQJpu4sSJBw4cUHcVDQ8GNKqXa9euYf8G+qZRo0YdOXJE3VU0PARJkuquQQlbtmz54Ycf3Nzc1F2IagmFwqysLA6nmhU5NY1IJGKz2VSNsSsvL9fT06OkqQZEKpVq1GK7KlLt/ypaMP7n6tWrz58/Nzc3V0XjDSygG4krV66cPHly3bp16i7k28LDwydOnKijo0NJa/369bt8+TIlTTUgu3btMjY2DgoKUnchqvX+/fuLFy/6+/tXbWmcv26laPkfbaRq06ZNU3cJqGFo2rTpx+mMagP7oBFCSENhQCOEkIbCgEYIIQ2FAY0QQhoKA1oTsVgsqsZFNCyNcIwd4K8b1QyH2WkikiSlUilbsXRlYyIWixvE6G9qVVZWEgTBZDLVXQjdGuevWykY0AghpKGwiwMhhDQUBjRCCGkoDGiEENJQGNAIIaShMKARQkhDYUAjhJCGwoBGCCENhQGNEEIaCgMaIYQ0FAa0+snl8rCwMDMzMx0dHScnpzt37ii2X7x4sWPHjhwOx9fXt7S0VL1FqlR2djaXy616qfUn3r9/f+J/hg4dqtio9Wf98OFDZ2dnHR0dBweHrKwsxUatP+t6woBWvzNnziQmJqanpxcXF7u4uISGhgKASCTy8/P7+eef3759KxKJVq1ape4yVUUmk02ZMqWiokLxsjGceE5OTkpKSk5OTk5Ozv79+6ERnLVMJvP29h4zZoxAIPDx8ZkxYwY0grOmAInU7enTp+np6SRJVlRUrF692sfHhyTJkydP2tnZKXZISUmxtrZWZ4mq9Ntvv/n5+TGZTMVLrT9xxQxBlZWVH2/U+rO+ePFi1QmKxeLMzEyyEZx1/eEVtPq1bdv2+++/j4uL09PT27Bhw5o1awDg4cOHtra2ih1sbW1fvnxZdY2pTZ4+fbp79+5ffvmlaovWn/jLly91dXU9PT1btmw5evToly9fQiM46zt37rRq1SooKMja2nrUqFGGhobQCM66/jCgNYW/v395efncuXPHjx8PACKRyMDAQPGW4oeysjJ11qcCcrl8+vTpmzZtMjIyqtqo9Seen59vY2OzePHiCxcuGBsbjxo1iiRJrT9roVB46tSpgQMHXrp0ycbGxtfXtzGcdf3hqt7q9/DhQ319/ZYtW3I4nIULF65Zs6akpITL5YpEIsUOiv9r9fX11Vom9cLDw5s3b+7p6cnn86s2av2J9+7dOz09XfHz9u3bTUxM3rx5o/VnzeFwXF1dFWvAr1+/3sjIqDGcdf3hFbT6RUREbNmyRfFzRUUFk8lks9kdOnSoutOdnZ3dsmVL7Vt+Ijk5+a+//uLxeB06dJDJZDweLzU1VetPPDU1NTU1VfGzjo4Ok8lksVhaf9bt2rWr+lkxfKUxnDUF1N0JjsgLFy5YWFjcvn27sLBw2rRpw4cPJ0myrKzMwsLi5MmTYrHY19d34cKF6i6Tenw+/9WrV69evcrMzGQwGK9evaqoqND6E09MTGzZsuW9e/eEQuGSJUv69OlDNoJfd3FxMY/Hi4uLKy4u/umnn5ycnMhGcNb1hwGtEdavX29mZsbhcIYPH56bm6vYeOHCBRsbG319fR8fn5KSEvVWqFL5+flVozhIbT9xuVy+bt06CwsLNpvt4eHx6tUrxXbtPmuSJJOSkmxsbFgs1oABA3JychQbtf6s6wmXvEIIIQ2FfdAIIaShMKARQkhDYUAjhJCGwoBGCCENhQGNEEIaCgMaIYQ0FAY0QghpKAxohBDSUBjQCCGkoTCgEUJIQ2FAI4SQhsKARgghDYUBjRBCGgoDGiGENBQGNEIIaSgMaIQQ0lAY0AghpKEwoBFCSENhQCOEkIbCgEYND4/HIz7C5XLT09MdHR2//imSJDt27Mjj8aRSqbJHvH37tq2tbV3rRaiOMKBRg5ScnFz4P69fv27Tps2qVau+/pFbt24VFxebmJgkJyfTUyRC9YQBjRokQ0NDk4/k5OSsWLECALKzs/v27bt06VITExMrK6uzZ89WfeTQoUPjxo0LDAyMiYlRbKlp5127dllYWJiZmW3fvr1169afHTopKalTp04cDsfNze3Vq1d0nC1qrDCgkbbJyMgwMzMTCAShoaHLly9XbJTL5TExMePHjw8MDDx69KhYLK5p5+vXr69cufLvv//Ozs4+cuTIZ42/e/duzJgxW7ZsKSgosLOzCwoKovPUUGODAY0aJFdX16rL5+jo6I/f0tPTmz9/PoPBGDp0aHFxsWJjSkoKj8ezs7OztbVt0aJF1cXylzvHxcVNmzbNzs7O3Nw8LCzss+P+9ddf7u7uQ4YM4XK569atS09PLywsVP3pokaKpe4CEKqL6OhoOzs7xc88Hi87O7vqLXNzcyaTCQAEQVRtPHToUHZ2tqWlJQAUFRXFxsaOGDGi2p3fvXvn4uKi+Llly5afHffdu3cnT56s6vfQ1dUVCASmpqbUnyFCGNCogWrevPmXvcMKH+eyglQqjY+PP3PmTMeOHQEgOzvby8tLJBJVuzOPx6vqWX79+vWX744dO3bXrl0AIJfLMzIy2rZtW9+TQagG2MWBtN/58+cNDQ1dXFwsLS0tLS379+/P4/FOnTpV7c6jRo0KDw+/d+9eQUHBxo0bP3t3+PDhR44cuXTpklgsXr9+/axZs76MeISoggGNtF9MTIyPj09VkhIE4e3tXTWW4zP9+/cPCwtzdna2tbX18vJisT75ltmqVas//vhj8uTJXC731KlTUVFRKq8eNWIESZLqrgEhDfLgwYPCwsI+ffoAQHJy8tKlS69du6buolAjhVfQCH3i/fv3kydPFggEEolk9+7dgwYNUndFqPHCgEboE/379w8MDOzSpUuLFi2YTOaiRYvUXRFqvLCLAyGENBReQSOEkIbCgEYIIQ2FAY0QQhoKAxohhDQUBjRCCGkoDGiEENJQGNAIIaShMKARQkhDYUAjhJCGwoBGCCENhQGNEEIaCgMaIYQ0FAY0QghpqP8HvpdeCRa/lKMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Based on the discretized partition, ancestral states are reconstructed
under both the equal rates and independent rates model. Independent
rates offers a negligible improvement in likelihood score (-loglik of 72
vs 73)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Without discretizing, I infer ancestral state based on Brownian motion.
information is rapidly lost in the inference, and the ancestral states
become simple averages of the observed traits.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using the discrete trait analysis, I assign nodes to their more likely
reconstruction and use this as the painting scheme for the inference
under continuous traits. A stochastic mapping reconstruction could
assign nodes randomly based on the probability inferred by the
reconstruction. The full simmap approach could also be taken. I doubt
the results would differ much between the approaches, as most of the
information is in the tips anyway.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The likelihood distributions generated by bootstrapping 200 replicates
shows strong confirmation of the more complex model. Very satisfying in
light of the challenges in the Anoles data!

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feedback from the results has been quite compelling and am beginning to
write this up a small manuscript. We'll need to reduce to two figures.
